Custom backup location guide (#94)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/edge/custom-backup.rst

.. _edge-custom-backup:

Custom backup location
======================

This guide introduces a feature of CrateDB Edge that lets users specify their
backup location. This gives you full ownership and control of your data when
using CrateDB Edge.

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

.. _edge-custom-backup-prereqs:

Prerequisites
-------------

- This guide describes only the final deployment stage of the CrateDB Edge
  cluster. For the full instructions, see either the :ref:`Self-hosted Edge
  <edge-self-hosted>`, or the :ref:`Managed Edge <edge-providers>` tutorials.

- The custom backup location only supports `Amazon S3 bucket`_ or
  S3-compatible storage.

Configuration
-------------

> If you're using the Amazon S3 bucket, you will need the Acess Key ID and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using an Amazon S3 bucket, you will need the Access Key ID and the
```

> Secret Access Key of the user that has access to a bucket that you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secret Access Key of the user that has access to the bucket that you want to
```
